c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\projectsd.dll.config
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\projectsd.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\projectsd.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\obj\Debug\projectsd.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\obj\Debug\projectsd.pdb
C:\Users\ASUS\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projectsd\projectsd\obj\Debug\projectsd.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
